So it's possible to go to create environments through the console directly,
but what we did during our exercise was actually create it from the
command line using the Elastic Beanstalk CLI.
So we cloned our application, we entered that application,
and then we started off with eb init.
And eb init is what took us through choosing an AWS
region to run our application in, it's where we created an environment,
excuse me,
and it's where we sort of would configure our credentials for our AWS user that
we used to use the Elastic Beanstalk command line interface.
And then after, we ran eb init.
So when you're going through that, it asks for this AWS access ID.
Where do you get that from?
When you downloaded your credentials before,
like in the console when you created the user,
that download would have a CSV in it with like an access key and a secret value.
Where does that get stored if you had a user already created?
If you had a user already created, but you didn't download the credentials,
you need to regenerate credentials for the user,
and whatever credentials they had previously would no longer be valid.
And you can do that from the user?
Yes, you can.
So for individual users, like here's --- here I'll do a different one.
So here's the user, a user I created for an earlier test.
So here is their credentials.
You can see the access key again, but the secret you'll never see again.
But what you can do is you can create a new access key,
and you can download those credentials, or you can click on this link,
and you can actually show them in the browser.
So you have a chance to create like a new set of keys as well.
Does that kind of make sense?
So you do --- so you create an access key,
and then you download the credentials there,
and then that file is the one that you put in when you do the eb init.
Yeah, you don't put in the file,
but you use the access key and the secret strings
from that file that you downloaded.
So here I'll just download this, and I'll show you what I mean.
So I just created these access keys,
and then that's going to be downloaded in like a CSV.
So if I open that CSV with like a text editor,
it's got my user name, my access key, and my secret,
and those are the values that I will plug in during the eb init.
Does that kind of make sense?
So, the eb init is where we plug in our AWS credentials,
and we sort of initialize our application.
And then eb create is where we create an actual environment with EC2
instances in it that we can actually use to run our code.
And once we --- and that took a very long time,
but once it was created, we ended up with this.
We went into --- when we went into Elastic Beanstalk,
now all the sudden we have this environment.
And the way we did before was under configured, so it wasn't okay right away.
But we have this environment which is actually running
EC2 instances which have our code.
So on the configuration side,
what we needed to do is go into our Instance configuration and
check out like what EC2 security group the EC2 instances managed
by Elastic Beanstalk are a member of.
And that is a value that we had to use a few other places, if you remember.
The first was when we created a new RDS instance, which is what we did next.
So we went into RDS, and we created an instance for PostgreSQL,
and during the configuration process we added that RDS
instance to the same security group that our Elastic
Beanstalk EC2 instances are a part of.
So that essentially enables them to communicate with one another.
Once we created that RDS instance, put it in the same security group,
the other step we needed to do was to go into the EC2 configuration,
go down to Security Groups, and then select,
I believe it was, if I mouse over that, yeah,
so we selected the same security group in this like administrative interface,
and under this Inbound tab we needed to add another configuration
for Postgres on port 5432 that would allow inbound connections
for members of this security group.
Is that a typical port for Postgres?
What's that?
Is that a typical port that's used?
Yeah, 5432 is the, sort of the default. Standard, yeah.